= inline_edit_issues

== Description

This is a redmine plugin that allows you to edit fields of multiple issues in one view. 

== Installation

1. To install this plugin just clone it in your redmine's plugins folder
2. Run `rake redmine:plugins:migrate RAILS_ENV=production` in your redmine folder
3. Restart your webserver

== Usage

=== How to get to the Inline Edit screen
1. Select a Project
2. Click on the "Issues" tab.
3. Check 2 or more issues (or click on the check at the top to select all).
4. Right Click
5. In the context menu, click on "Edit Inline"

=== Editing fields
1. The issues should appear as a form.  
2. The issues that can be edited appear as the appropriate form field (text, select, checkbox, etc.)
3. Fields that have been edited but not yet submitted will show as red.
4. Hover over an edited field to see the original value.
5. Reset all fields back to the original value by clicking on "Reset".
6. "Cancel" returns to the previous screen without saving any changes

=== Group Totals
1. If "Estimated time" and "Spent time" fields have been selected for view, 
   the field values will be summed up and the total displayed at the bottom.
2. If you have grouped the results (Under "Options"), 
   the estimated time and spent time totals will appear below each group.
   The grand total will appear at the bottom.
3. As you edit the estimated time field, the group totals and grand totals will automatically update.
   NOTE: Spent time is not an editable field on this screen.


